1.


Welcome to the Amazing Escape Plan course.

I'm so excited that you're here because the content in this course literally has the ability to change

your life forever, just like it has for me if you don't know me already.

Hi.

My name's Eleanor Hobart, and I went from quitting a job that literally brought me to tears to generating

over $1 million in sales of my own products on Amazon.

And along the way, I've made a ton of mistakes and I've realized that there is so much misinformation

online.

So over the past year, I've compiled this comprehensive step by step course showing you the proven

and most efficient way to generate real income by selling your own products on Amazon and avoid all

of the mistakes that I made to achieve success even faster.

And this course is broken up into six main sections.

So first you will learn how to find extremely profitable, low competition products to sell on Amazon

within the next 30 days.

Next, you will learn how to find the right suppliers in China to turn your idea into a beautiful,

profitable physical product.

And then how to shoot that product into Amazon's FBA warehouse.

You will learn how to craft a stunning, high converting Amazon product listing that will rank on page

one and dominate in your product category.

You will also learn my super profitable step by step Amazon PPC strategy to capture even more sales

and profit every month as well as learn five other Amazon product launch strategies not covered anywhere

else.

And lastly, I will share secrets used by the top 1% of Amazon sellers to scale your business to heights

it's never seen before.

Now you can make serious money on Amazon, but you need at least $5,000 to realistically start.

And by the way, anyone telling you that you started with Amazon FBA or Amazon private label for only

a few hundred dollars is lying to you and I really recommend staying away.

I've attached the total cost of Amazon FBA Google Sheet detailing all of the different costs associated

with starting an Amazon FBA business which you can find in the resources section of this video and you

can find all of the tools, templates and resources mentioned throughout the course in the resources

section of that corresponding video.

And you can adjust the speed of each video as well as the sound in the bottom corner.

With the purchase of this course, you are also gaining 100% free access to our VIP student Facebook

group, where you can connect with dozens of other Amazon sellers, myself included, as well as gain

access to all of the tools, templates and resources that are covered here in this course.

Link to that will also be in the resources section of this video.

And lastly, I would greatly appreciate if you could leave your honest review about the course once

you have a feel for the material, because there are literally 1000 courses that don't even cover half

of what this program does.

And I'm honestly so unbelievably excited for you.

Now let's get to it.




2.




In this video I'm going to cover the Amazon FBA process and hopefully simplify and make sense of it

for you.

So there are a lot of ways to generate income through Amazon FBA and there are really three main ways.

The first is the purchase brand name products inexpensively and resell them on the Amazon platform for

more than you purchase them for.

This is known as retail or online arbitrage.

The second way is to purchase products in bulk from an existing product or an existing brand and then

resell those products that you purchased in bulk on Amazon for again for more than you purchase them

for.

This is known as wholesaling.

And the third in my opinion the best and it's the most passive and profitable way to make money through

Amazon generate income through Amazon is known as private labeling.

Okay.

Where you basically you create your own product instead of selling somebody else's.

OK so it's honestly a lot more simple.

You know especially when asking start out is a lot more simple than I thought it was.

And the process is as follows.

Number one we are going to discover an existing product that's selling on Amazon with relatively high

demand and low competition.

Ultimately I'm going to show you guys how to find products that will generate at least one to two thousand

dollars in net profit every single month.

Okay.

On Amazon.

So that's the first step is when you discover these products.

Number two we're going to find a way based on actual data to differentiate this product.

Okay.

And by that I mean how are we going to create a better version of this product.

Right.

So these thoughts are selling well and that's great but can we do anything better and there are a lot

of ways even some simple ways to really make a better quality product that don't take a ton of time

or money I'm not sure exactly how to do that.

So we're gonna create a better product then we're going to find someone to actually create and source's

product for us.

Okay so this could be for the United States China Vietnam India.

It really doesn't matter as much where we're looking for our respectable suppliers who can source our

products relatively inexpensively.

And of course with great and very high quality.

Okay so that's the sourcing process then we're gonna ship these products or a test order we're gonna

order a test order of these products and ship them into Amazon's FBA warehouse once they are scanned

in and ready to sell we are going to launch these products and ultimately get seen by all of your potential

customers right who are typing in keywords that relate to your product every single month.

I show you how to get seen by all of those customers where they'll type your product and a large percentage

will purchase your product and run this kind of on autopilot with minimal effort and work and really

kind of scale the number of you know basically hours that you put into your business and profit that

you get out of it.

Right that's right the whole point of passive income right now must be exactly how to do that.

And then once this process kind of completes as you know as you go on over here you kind of scale your

product and really maximize sales as time goes on.

But really what you'll do is find a new product discover new product and begin the process again with

another related product.

And then as much cash flow as you want to invest.

Right.

And is and you can launch as many product that really meet your lifestyle as you like right.

But that's that's pretty much it.

This process has been done for literally thousands of years.

The only difference is that now we have more technology and data to back our decisions to where we can

make less risks and spend a lot less than we would have even 10 years ago right.

So I'm really excited about this process.

I hope you are as well.

I won't go into detail on every single step.

If you have any questions along the way.

Be sure to let me know.

And let's go ahead and keep moving forward.


3.

Before you get started on each phase of the process of selling on Amazon, it's very important to understand

the entire timeline and the stages of the preparation, as well as when you're actually going to start

selling and launching your product.

And that could be the difference between failure and success.

So I want to make sure to give you the entire step by step timeline that is going to save you time,

money and stress.

So let's get to it.

Phase number one is product research.

The truth is, without a good product, all of the other steps are going to be a waste of time.

So considering you're going to be an Amazon FBA private label seller, product is key.

And if you're just starting off, making your product first could actually help you direct with your

branding and trademark and so on.

So it actually get started on this first.

So take about 21 days or three weeks to go through multiple product research strategies.

While you're doing this product research, you're actually going to start contacting suppliers.

So as you can see, a lot of the stages of this timeline are going to start overlapping.

So you're not done with your complete product research yet, but you're already starting to introduce

the next phase of Amazon FBA.

So make sure to keep an eye on those vertical lines for you to see when something should start on the

next phase of Amazon FBA, even though you haven't entirely finished the top one yet.

So for example, right here, you're still going to be going through the multiple product research strategies,

and at the same time, you're going to dive in to Alibaba or just finding suppliers however you prefer

to, to request quotes to look into certifications, patents.

Because if you think about it, you can just like, okay, I'm going to go with this product.

This is the winner.

And then once you dive into it, let's say it's patented or or it's very expensive for your budget.

So there needs to be that cycle of checking on it and then continue to do your product research.

So you're going to go through that.

And then as you start establishing, okay this product is looking really good up back on the product

research.

You're going to start the competitor analysis or the product development phase with surveys.

With market research you're going to analyze your competitors reviews.

So you can start planning how you're going to differentiate your product.

And then during that phase of product research, you're going to be going back and forth with the supplier

or suppliers that you're communicating with to really get accurate quotes based on the specific customization

that you want based on your competitor analysis.

So you can see that all this happens at the same time.

Then you're going to continue your competitor analysis as you go through samples.

You can expect about three weeks for this.

That accounts the time to communicate with suppliers back and forth about the specific details, as

well as them creating the sample and shipping it to you.

And it could take longer.

If you need multiple samples, let's say the first set of samples, you still can't really make a decision

or like on which supply you want to go with, or you want to make changes.

So this definitely can vary.

And during that sample phase, you're still doing competitor analysis because you want to make sure

your product is going to be better than your competitors.

So once you're through the sample phase and before you start production during that time, you're actually

going to start thinking about setting up your account, your brand, and running the numbers.

So while you're thinking about samples and you're getting accurate quotes, you can start thinking about

your brand.

Open your seller central account, open an LLC, get all of the banking details that will take about

two days.

You might have to verify your account, so it might take a little bit longer then a few days to get

your branding trademark as well as brand registry.

I would highly recommend that you get brand registered as soon as possible, and you can do that with

just the trademark number when once you apply for trademark.

So you actually don't need to wait until your trademark is active.

You can apply to be brand registered on Amazon before.

So okay, you're establishing all of your branding as you're going through samples and your.

Waiting for the suppliers and you may want to wait.

Let's say you're still uncertain that you're going to go with that product.

You may want to wait a little bit before you do that.

That is okay, but you can also get started on that.

Then doing the samples phase.

Before you pay your suppliers to start production, you need to make sure that you do two things.

One, you purchase a UPC code from GS1 and you're going to be creating your dummy listing.

Now what does that mean?

You want to make sure that there are no red flags about selling that product on Amazon.

Obviously, you would have done already your research on the certifications, patents and everything,

but you want to really be certain that Amazon, that is not a restricted product, that Amazon doesn't

have any issues with that product.

So you don't go through the production phase and then find out you can't really sell that product,

or there are more barriers than you thought.

So create a dummy listing for that.

I would recommend that you have the title pretty well figured out.

Just put placeholder text on everything else.

Bullet points, everything just to make sure you're good to go.

And before you start production, you must confirm your profits.

So make sure your pricing is competitive.

It makes sense comparing it to your competitors as well as the cost of goods.

Get some estimates on the shipping prices so you're sure that you have enough profit.

So I would say between 20 and 30%.

That's a good place to start.

But obviously the more the better.

And once you've confirmed your profits then you can start production.

Now you're also going to start your keyword research a little bit before as well.

So I mentioned before you want to create a dummy listing with a good title.

It's okay if you edit it later, but try to already use highly searched keywords and optimize your title

as much as possible.

So honestly, it only takes one day to go through and create your master list and start your keyword

research.

Then we're going to start production.

While your product is under production, you're going to be optimizing your listing.

You already created the dummy listing with your UPC code.

Now you're going to go back and really start optimizing with your keywords.

And as soon as possible, you want to get started on getting images, videos, A+ content and so on

because that can take quite a while and you want to make sure that is good to go by the time you're

going to launch the product.

Now again, this can vary a lot.

My recommendation would be to get a final sample before you even start production, to actually send

it to the photographer and videographer and start on your images.

But if you can, if it needs to be from the production, a lot of times, depending on the product,

it has to be like that.

You need to hurry up and already have everything set up with the agency, so they're ready to go as

soon as they get that product.

So images, videos and so on.

That can go into the shipping time as well.

But before you ship, going back to product sourcing, you need to have an inspection.

So do not skip this step.

It only takes one day for the agent to go and make sure everything is okay, that there are no issues.

Now it may take a few days if there are issues that need to be resolved, but before you even ship your

products, there's something else you need to do, which is to get the barcode stickers.

So you already created your listing.

You can already print those F and SKU labels, or if you are able to use a manufacturer barcode, you

can do the UPC barcode.

But that's a topic for another video.

But go ahead and get your stickers as well as your shipping plan.

A lot of people get confused.

They don't really realize that they need to create a shipping plan on Amazon before they ship the products

to Amazon.

Amazon will only accept goods that have a shipping plan created and that have the Amazon box labels

on them, so do not.

You can't skip this step.

There's no way for you to find out where you need to ship it to without doing a shipping plan.

So you can do that.

You can do that even before the inspection.

Then you have your inspection and then it's ready to ship.

Now estimated around 30 days, that's usually an average for a C shipping, but it could be much faster

if you're shipping through air or Air Express or even fast C, and then as it's shipping, you want

to make sure you nailed your copywriting.

So all of the everything on the description, all of the copywriting, even for your product to launch

that you're going to be doing you.

Want to have everything prepared.

And then on product sourcing, you need to account for about five days for Amazon to receive your units.

Now, if you're already an experienced seller, if you heard stories, they.

This can absolutely vary.

We've had instances where as soon as it was delivered, they started scanning and our product was able

to go active in live or and we have instances where it has taken a month to for them to scan everything.

So unfortunately we're at the mercy of Amazon here.

But in general, about five days.

And one thing that you cannot forget is that the entire time, since you create your dummy listing up

until you have available inventory on Amazon, your listing should be inactive and you should have a

start date set up for the future.

Make sure you are very purposeful when you are activating your listing.

You don't want your products to check in on Amazon and then your listing go active because of the honeymoon

period that you get, Amazon actually gives you a little bit of a boost when your product is first active,

so be sure to do that manually and activate your listing manually after your units have been scanned

in and they're available for sale.

So they are for Amazon Prime members and so on.

All right, so you have your units ready.

Now it's time to start product launch.

So take a day to enroll your product in Vine Reviews, create coupon codes.

Put all of your review strategies in place and take about a day as well to create all of the PPC campaigns,

all of the Amazon advertisement campaigns for your product.

Now, as you can see here, it says one plus 60 days for the PPC campaigns.

What that means is it will take you about a day to create all of the campaigns, but it would take about

60 days on average for you to start being profitable because your product is going to be brand new.

You're not going to have a lot of reviews once you turn on your PPC campaigns.

So it's still going to take a while for customers to choose your product over competitors.

So in general, about 60 days is when you're going to start seeing profitable campaigns.

So don't worry too much about losing money in the beginning.

You should account for that because you want to push it to rank organically on a lot of different keywords.

And also, part of your product launch strategy should be your pricing strategy.

So already have that in place beforehand.

And then make sure that during that product launch, you are very aware of what should be your price

based on the reviews that you have, based on your sales velocity and everything.

This is very particular to each product.

So pricing strategy and constantly reevaluate your pricing.

Let's say you were thinking that your price had to be was going to be very high because you're so much

better than the competitors, but it's taking you a little bit longer for you to get that sales velocity.

So keep reevaluating that, making sure, of course, that you have a good profit margin in the long

run.

Again, it's going to take a little bit of time for you to actually turn profitable.

Then you can start thinking about reordering your products.

Yes, you're going to have to reorder your next batch of products during your product launch, and you

most likely will not even be paid yet from Amazon from your first sales.

So that's something very important to make sure that, you know, before you start selling on Amazon,

make sure that you have enough budget for your first two orders for sourcing and so on, because you're

going to need to place that order before you even get paid.

Otherwise, you run the risk of selling out.

It's probably the worst thing that it can happen during a product launch.

It's it's going to be a waste of money.

You're going to lose rank, especially if you stay out of stock too long.

It's going to mess with the algorithm in the back end of your product, and it could affect the success

of your product.

So while you're doing your pricing strategy, you reevaluating the pricing, you can go ahead and reorder

obviously ship.

But again, before you ship you need to create that shipping plan and so on.

So the timeline continues kind of like a cycle.

But as you can see this is very important for you to understand because it's not a clean line where

you do product research.

Then you start this, then you start this, then you start that.

Now you could do that, but that's going to take you a lot longer.

So if you.

Sum up all of the days, the estimated days.

Here it comes to about four months.

By the time you start your product, research to the time that you start selling your product launch.

And again, this is an estimate.

It could be faster for you, it could be longer.

But that is a good place to start for you to have an idea.

I mean, you're going to be investing money and you need to know how long pretty much it would take

for you to start seeing some money back.

So that's very important.

So I hope that you found this video helpful.

And if you want to download this timeline, the graphics that's going to be in the resources below.

And if you have any questions, leave that in the Q&A.

And let's get to the next video.



4. 



